[Music]
so sometimes we get the question why are
there so many negative reviews on x3 now
the answer is there aren't like so at
first we were a little confused by that
question I think what people mean is why
are there negative comments like there
are certain websites that are kind of
bodybuilding focused that have a lot of
comments like x3 doesn't work or it's a
scam or whatever these are all people
who have never seen or touched the
product they probably see the bold claim
now anytime somebody makes a bold claim
it's going to be questioned now we can
back up that bold claim with science but
when the readers of the science which
might be the readers on this particular
bodybuilding website it has a forum
section and this is where it's discussed
they probably can't read scientific
literature and in their defense it's not
easy reading so they may be very
confused that's part of the reason why
we're working with so many athletes and
you can see tons of athletes on on the
website there's a whole wall of pro
athletes that I've switched over to x3
over weights because remember a
performance athlete doesn't really care
about what they lift they care about
what they do on the field and that
matters a lot more so I think their
priority is right and they're of course
highly muscular people they put on a lot
of size and gained a lot of strength and
speed with x3 so back to the negative
reviews there's a couple of different
groups that are pushing out negative
reviews one the most comical one is the
gym owners well obviously we have tens
of thousands of people who have bought
x3 love x3 and use it all the time and
they quit their gym membership and
they're bragging about how much money
they say by quitting
Jim and getting an x3 yeah I mean
they're not gonna be happy with me or
with the product and so there some of
them are out there making videos that
are full of all kinds of dishonest stuff
lying about me lying about the company
and trying to discredit the product I
actually really like it when they pick
on me because they know they can't say
enough negative that's accurate about
the product because they have to lie to
do that so then they make up stuff about
me which is it's it's a personal attack
because they can't discredit the product
which is hilarious because what do i
matter I don't matter at all
I mean does the product work or not so
you can tell by looking at the website
in the before and after pictures by
looking at the users forum and seeing
tens of thousands of people using the
product and succeeding with it putting
on as I as I say frequently 20 pounds of
muscle in six months you won't do that
with anything else
so so I find those comic : so there's
gym owners now there's some personal
trainers who get upset by x3 because
some of them have come up with sort of
like a weird convoluted program
involving all the equipment in the gym
so that you really need the gym to do
their program and I that's unfortunate
these aren't these people aren't too
bright because the smarter personal
trainers get x3 and train people with x3
either in the park and/or at their home
or at their clients homes so what I say
that personal trainers is why I allow
the club to make the money when you
could make it all so go and take x3 to
somebody and put them through the
greatest work out of their life which it
will be by the way and they'll know it
immediately so that's that's really I
think it's just the confused personal
trainers that don't really fully get
yet now we also get some negative videos
and reviews from people who manufacture
fitness equipment of course we get a
negative review it doesn't really make
sense and so we look into who the person
is and turns out like this one couple
reviews we've got we're from home
fitness equipment manufacturers we just
traced it back to the source and yeah x3
is $550 and you know if you sell a plate
loaded multi-station device that's gonna
be like a two thousand dollar price
point and so we can do with x3 better
much better than one of these home gym
type things plus also when you have one
of those you lose a room of your house
whereas x3 you know even with all the
banding in the ground plate fits in a
drawer or you can put it in the travel
you know carrying case and you can slide
it under your bed or something like that
so you don't need to lose room of your
house it's but it's better so you know
they see this and they're very upset
some of them probably lose customers who
end up going with x3 and succeeding with
it so a lot of conflicts of interest and
those negative reviews and then you know
there's always like the customer that
didn't really understand what they
bought and you know they may they might
say I remember we got a one-star review
from somebody who said bicep curls are
so 1990s and I thought like okay so
don't do them but guy goes jerk and give
us one star so okay you know there's
there's those guys out there too but
over time we're getting so many people
that are so happy with the product it'll
drown out all the all the clowns and
confusion and people who have never
touched it and think they know
everything which by the way in case you
haven't noticed the internet is full of
people who know absolutely nothing yet
present themselves as experts on many
subjects